Add warning about using unsupported CRON_TZ (#30509)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs.md

that the cron job controller uses.
{{< /caution >}}

{{< caution >}}

> CronJob does not officially support setting timezone as explained above.
> 
> Setting variables such as `CRON_TZ` is not officially supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [v1 CronJob API](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/cron-job-v1/) lets
you set a timezone for a CronJob, by using the `CRON_TZ` variable in the time specification.

Setting variables in the time specification, including `CRON_TZ`, is not officially supported
by the Kubernetes project.
```

Author: That's not correct, the fact that this slipped through the cracks doesn't make this part of official API, it never was. But I did apply some of your suggestions, thx :)

`CRON_TZ` is an implementation detail of the internal library being used for
parsing and calculating the next Job creation time. Any usage of it is not
recommended in a production cluster.
{{< /caution >}}

> 

Reviewer: We might want to update the section headed “Cron schedule syntax” too.

Author: Good catch, updated.

that the cron job controller uses.
{{< /caution >}}

{{< caution >}}
The [v1 CronJob API](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/workload-resources/cron-job-v1/)

> does not officially support setting timezone as explained above.

Reviewer 2: "as explained above" ?

Reviewer: I think this is OK to merge with the existing wording but a follow-up to clarify would be welcome.

Author: above is a caution about cronjob using timezone from kube-controller-manager's host, that's what I've meant with it

> Setting variables such as `CRON_TZ` or `TZ is not officially supported by the Kubernetes project.

Reviewer: Markdown nit
```suggestion
Setting variables such as `CRON_TZ` or `TZ` is not officially supported by the Kubernetes project.
```

Author: Fixed.

### Cron schedule syntax

```
# ┌───────────── minute (0 - 59)
# │ ┌───────────── hour (0 - 23)
# │ │ ┌───────────── day of the month (1 - 31)
# │ │ │ ┌───────────── month (1 - 12)
# │ │ │ │ ┌───────────── day of the week (0 - 6) (Sunday to Saturday;
# │ │ │ │ │                                   7 is also Sunday on some systems)
# │ │ │ │ │
# │ │ │ │ │

> # * * * * *

Reviewer 3: hi, there seems to be no alignment here

Author: looks good on the preview
